Draft: getting-started: Add XMPP Providers and self-hosting possibility (#1113)
xsf/xmpp.org: content/getting-started.md

# 2. Create an account

As with email, you need an account with a service provider.
Use a [public provider from the curated list of **XMPP Providers**](https://providers.xmpp.net) or be [your own one](https://xmpp.org/software/servers/).

> **XMPP Providers** combines different ratings and contains providers that are also in several uncurated lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**XMPP Providers** combines various ratings to compose a curated list. There are several other lists of providers in the web, which might not be curated.
```
